Terms of Service

Last Updated: 26 April 2023

These Terms of Service ("Terms") apply to your access to and use of the websites, applications and other online products and services (collectively, the "Software") provided by Future Proof Collective, Inc. ("Future Proof" or "we").

By downloading or using the Software, you agree to these Terms. We may make changes to these Terms from time to time. If we make changes, we will update the "Last Updated" date above. The amended Terms will be effective immediately and your continued access to and use of the Software will confirm your acceptance of the changes.

To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, you will indemnify, defend, and hold harmless Future Proof, our subsidiaries and affiliates, and each of our respective officers, directors, agents, partners and employees (individually and collectively, the "Future Proof Parties") from and against any loss, liability, claim, demand, damages, expenses or costs ("Claims") arising out of or related to (a) your access to or use of the Software; (b) your User Content or Feedback; (c) your violation of these Terms; (d) your violation, misappropriation or infringement of any rights of another (including intellectual property rights or privacy rights); or (e) your conduct in connection with the Software.

You agree to promptly notify Future Proof of any third-party Claims, cooperate with the Future Proof Parties in defending such Claims and pay all fees, costs and expenses associated with defending such Claims (including, but not limited to, attorney's' fees). You also agree that the Future Proof Parties will have control of the defense or settlement of any third-party Claims. This indemnity is in addition to, and not in lieu of, any other indemnities set forth in a written agreement between you and Future Proof or the other Future Proof Parties.

We do not control, endorse or take responsibility for any User Content or third-party content available on or linked to by the Software. Your use of the Software is at your sole risk. The Software is provided "as is" and “as available” without warranties of any kind, either express or implied, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, title, and non-infringement. In addition, Future Proof does not represent or warrant that the Software is accurate, complete, reliable, current or error-free. While Future Proof attempts to make your access to and use of the Software safe, we cannot and do not represent or warrant that the Software or servers are free of viruses or other harmful components. You assume the entire risk as to the quality and performance of the Software.

Future Proof and the other Future Proof Parties will not be liable to you under any theory of liability—whether based in contract, tort, negligence, strict liability, warranty, or otherwise—for any indirect, consequential, exemplary, incidental, punitive or special damages or lost profits, even if Future Proof or the other Future Proof Parties have been advised of the possibility of such damages.

The total liability of Future Proof and the other Future Proof Parties, for any claim arising out of or relating to these Terms or the Software, regardless of the form of the action, is limited to the amount paid, if any, by you to access or use the Software during the 12 months immediately preceding the event giving rise to your claim.

The limitations set forth in this section will not limit or exclude liability for the gross negligence, fraud or intentional, willful, malicious or reckless misconduct of Future Proof or the other Future Proof Parties.
